Verb (alias)	Action	Synonyms to avoid
Add (a)	Adds a resource to a container, or attaches an item to another item. For example, the Add-Content cmdlet adds content to a file. This verb is paired with Remove.	Append, Attach, Concatenate, Insert
Clear (cl)	Removes all the resources from a container but does not delete the container. For example, the Clear-Content cmdlet removes the contents of a file but does not delete the file.	Flush, Erase, Release, Unmark, Unset, Nullify
Close (cs)	Changes the state of a resource to make it inaccessible, unavailable, or unusable. This verb is paired with Open.	
Copy (cp)	Copies a resource to another name or to another container. For example, the Copy-Item cmdlet copies an item (such as a file) from one location in the data store to another location.	Duplicate, Clone, Replicate, Sync
Enter (et)	Specifies an action that allows the user to move into a resource. For example, the Enter-PSSession cmdlet places the user in an interactive session. This verb is paired with Exit.	Push, Into
Exit (ex)	Sets the current environment or context to the most recently used context. For example, the Exit-PSSession cmdlet places the user in the session that was used to start the interactive session. This verb is paired with Enter.	Pop, Out
Find (fd)	Looks for an object in a container that is unknown, implied, optional, or specified.	Search
Format (f)	Arranges objects in a specified form or layout	
Get (g)	Specifies an action that retrieves a resource. This verb is paired with Set.	Read, Open, Cat, Type, Dir, Obtain, Dump, Acquire, Examine, Find, Search
Hide (h)	Makes a resource undetectable. For example, a cmdlet whose name includes the Hide verb might conceal a service from a user. This verb is paired with Show.	Block
Join (j)	Combines resources into one resource. For example, the Join-Path cmdlet combines a path with one of its child paths to create a single path. This verb is paired with Split.	Combine, Unite, Connect, Associate
Lock (lk)	Secures a resource. This verb is paired with Unlock.	Restrict, Secure
Move (m)	Moves a resource from one location to another. For example, the Move-Item cmdlet moves an item from one location in the data store to another location.	Transfer, Name, Migrate
New (n)	Creates a resource. (The Set verb can also be used when creating a resource that includes data, such as the Set-Variable cmdlet.)	Create, Generate, Build, Make, Allocate
Open (op)	Changes the state of a resource to make it accessible, available, or usable. This verb is paired with Close.	
Optimize (om)	Increases the effectiveness of a resource.	
Pop (pop)	Removes an item from the top of a stack. For example, the Pop-Location cmdlet changes the current location to the location that was most recently pushed onto the stack.	
Push (pu)	Adds an item to the top of a stack. For example, the Push-Location cmdlet pushes the current location onto the stack.	
Redo (re)	Resets a resource to the state that was undone.	
Remove (r)	Deletes a resource from a container. For example, the Remove-Variable cmdlet deletes a variable and its value. This verb is paired with Add.	Clear, Cut, Dispose, Discard, Erase
Rename (rn)	Changes the name of a resource. For example, the Rename-Item cmdlet, which is used to access stored data, changes the name of an item in the data store.	Change
Reset (rs)	Sets a resource back to its original state.	
Resize(rz)	Changes the size of a resource.	
Search (sr)	Creates a reference to a resource in a container.	Find, Locate
Select (sc)	Locates a resource in a container. For example, the Select-String cmdlet finds text in strings and files.	Find, Locate
Set (s)	Replaces data on an existing resource or creates a resource that contains some data. For example, the Set-Date cmdlet changes the system time on the local computer. (The New verb can also be used to create a resource.) This verb is paired with Get.	Write, Reset, Assign, Configure
Show (sh)	Makes a resource visible to the user. This verb is paired with Hide.	Display, Produce
Skip (sk)	Bypasses one or more resources or points in a sequence.	Bypass, Jump
Split (sl)	Separates parts of a resource. For example, the Split-Path cmdlet returns different parts of a path. This verb is paired with Join.	Separate
Step (st)	Moves to the next point or resource in a sequence.	
Switch (sw)	Specifies an action that alternates between two resources, such as to change between two locations, responsibilities, or states.	
Undo (un)	Sets a resource to its previous state.	
Unlock (uk)	Releases a resource that was locked. This verb is paired with Lock.	Release, Unrestrict, Unsecure
Watch (wc)	Continually inspects or monitors a resource for changes.	